one creature is determined not to miss
his chance
paddlin Ismail's wondering tarantulas
searching
this males very intuitive in two months
you'll be dead
he's in a suit
[Music]
you'll barely eat or sleep this is what
he's looking for
[Music]
silken threads left by a female
impregnated with her pheromones chemical
love letters
advertising her availability they lead
him to her lair
she can live for 30 years she seen many
suitors in the past
he taps a seductive rhythm to tempt her
out she replies
for him this is a very dangerous liaison
he iced her up
[Music]
if he's not her type she'll eat him
but this male has the talent of
seduction
he tenderly strokes her body
[Music]
she relaxed opening her fangs allowing
him to move closer
carefully delivers his packet of sperm
during mating the female falls into a
trance-like State
[Music]
if she stays like this for several
minutes he has to make a quick getaway
before it wears off
for tarantulas lingering goodbyes are
generally fatal
you